I am the founder of a society that
is called the fan shop
a digital manufacturing workshop I
another activity actually
historically I am a builder
of scenery of this show modeling
3d brought me to the digital fabrication and
at the thought of creating this company there is
few years the choice
at the request of the bhv we thought about
the installation in the in the bhv of this
which is called the factory of bhv and we
will turn into a party for six
weeks
the whole store in a factory
contemporary where we will produce
design draw objects that
correspond to the different universes of the
psg store
there are actually two ways of doing things
3d models either using
design software that allow
to draw what you need or in
using what's called a 3d scanner
which makes it possible to acquire a
object of a character when we wish
make a copy
from these data the software is going
make an inquiry and actually creates
a sequence of two slices of layers
3d printers allow all
activities concerned by
representations in three dimensions
virtual world that surrounds them for
whatever the market what address
be it the architectured medicine
design mechanics agribusiness
all these industries that works in
done in the virtual
for years now ironing
through a modeling and
making objects to be able to
share share innovate and accelerate
the pace of their innovation
in